Should you go?
Tongtong is my fault
I didn't think it through.
Thanks to you and Brother Xiaoyu's care during this time
Don't be angry.
I can go
An Tong, what are you going to do?
What are you doing with Lingyue about our business?
Don't you forget he just broke up.
Don't go too far, it's alright, Brother Yu
I understand Tongtong
It's all my fault
I talk too much.
Otherwise, you wouldn't have quarreled
I'm going to pack my things now
Lin Yue is gone, have you considered where he lives?
I don't really want to.
It's alright Tongtong
I still have some money
I can afford a hotel.
After a while, the matter between me and Gao Yu was resolved.
I'll go out and find a job
Should be able to afford a single room
Actually, I didn't mean to urge you.
Yueyue, I'm sorry, I was too excited just now
But about you and Gao Yu
It's okay to keep procrastinating.
We have to fix it quickly
Right
Let's solve it first
Lin Yue and Gao Yu
We'll go with him when this is settled
I also want to solve the matter between me and Gao Yu
But I get scared when I think about it.
What the hell?
I'll go with you.
I will definitely help you get justice back
Look at this account, he will definitely pay it back.
Say leave me this time
Are you having a bad time?
What's the matter with me in such a hurry?
Shouldn't you be shameless and want to get back with me?
Stop talking nonsense hahahaha
We're here today to talk to you about business
This book is the money you owe Lin Yue
Don't give me a penny less
I owe him money.
Ask him yourself.
I raised him for a day
If you want to pay back the money, this bitch will pay me back.
Humph
Did you send those photos?
This is a list of my funding for your master's degree over the years
You pay me back and we are both clear